OBJECTIVE:
MegaMart wants to enhance business success by leveraging data analysis techniques, particularly emphasizing time series analysis, to deliver actionable insights and precise sales forecasts.
 
Areas I worked on:
1) Data Cleaning
2) Dax Queries
3) Data Visualization
4) Forecasting
5) Final insights

Steps undertaken:
1) Data Cleaning:
        The process includes applying filters to eliminate null, removing duplicates, rectifying typing errors, validating date formats, and trimming excess spaces.
 
2) DAX Measure:
        By employing the DAX measure "AvgDelivery = DATEDIFF('SuperStore_Sales_Dataset'[OrderDate],'SuperStore_Sales_Dataset'[Ship Date],Day)", we determined the average duration, in days, for completing a sale in the 'SuperStore_Sales_Dataset'.
 
3) Data Visualization:
        Generated visualizations to analyze and showcase sales, profits, and distribution across various categories, ship modes, states, payment modes, and segments using horizontal bar charts, line charts, and pie charts.

4) Forecasting:
        Based on sales forecasting analysis, it indicates imminent growth, empowering businesses to adapt and maximize revenue opportunities next 15 days.

5) Final Insights:
     i. Cash on delivery emerges as the most preferred payment mode, indicating a significant number of customers opt for this convenient payment option.
    ii. The west region stands out as the top-performing region in terms of sales, highlighting its strong market presence and customer demand.
   iii.	Among different customer segments, consumers rank highest in terms of the number of sales, suggesting a focus on targeting and catering to consumer needs and preferences.
    iv.	Standard class emerges as the preferred ship mode in terms of sales, indicating that most customers opt for this reliable and cost-effective shipping option.
     v.	Office supplies category demonstrates the highest sales, reflecting a consistent demand for products within this category.
    vi.	Within the sub-categories, phones lead the sales, highlighting the popularity and importance of this particular product category.
   vii.	California emerges as the top-performing state in terms of sales, showcasing its strong market potential and consumer base within the region.
